[YEVGENY SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[YEVGENY LAUGHING]
Vodka.
YEVGENY:
Well, I'll be damned.
The prince has returned to the slums
from which he came.
On the house.
Good, because I can't afford it.
Drink. I'll go get some of the good stuff
in the back.
[IN RUSSIAN]
It's me. I have something.
Ari Tasarov himself has walked into my bar.
I don't know. He looks like the world
has given him a beating.
Ari Tasarov is wanted in connection with
the murder of a CIA director.
After you left Naomi's body in
the FBI morgue...
...people asked questions.
FBI searched her apartment.
They found an encrypted phone
to communicate with her former Gogol handler.
He's got at least three agencies after him.
FBI, Interpol and CIA.
Amanda's little games caught up to him.
BIRKHOFF: That's what happens
when you get in bed with a schemer.
Fire up ShadowNet,
see if we catch him break pattern.
Way ahead of you.
ShadowBot coughed up a mention of...
...Ari Tasarov on a phone call.
Sounds like it was between
an FBI agent and a Cl.
Some bartender in Brighton Beach.
Ari's wanted for killing an American official.
What's he doing in Brooklyn?
FBI's got the same question.
YEVGENY: He looks like the world
has given him a beating. Says he's broke.
AGENT:
Broke?
YEVGENY:
The mighty are not so mighty anymore.
AGENT:
Keep him there. We’re on our way.
YEVGENY: I will keep him here.
You can believe it. Don't forget about me.
Five minutes.
The tactical's warming up the SUVs.
So he's in Brooklyn. He's broke.
Sounds like he's on the run.
Why don't you seem too happy about that?
Because Ari's alone.
Still waiting for the not happy part.
Where is his beloved Amanda?
Why is he on the run and she's not?
She's not wanted by Interpol.
She's got no reason to hide.
Right. So why is she not hiding him?
SAALIM:
We shouldn't have let Ari escape.
You can stage the operation from here.
He knows nothing of this location.
But he knows me.
Saalim. Do you really want to call this off now,
after you've come so far?
-What about you?
-What about me?
We have our reasons for wanting this.
You're an American.
Why are you supporting us?
I also have a cause.
Your success is going to help me with it.
As long as Ari stays out of the way.
Ari is a coward.
He's only as brave as his bank accounts...
...which are now my bank accounts.
Without his men or his money,
he will crawl into the shadows and stay there.
We will not hear from him again.
Are you sure this is okay?
The tab is open and it can stay open.
I never liked you, Tasarov...
...but you settle your debts...
...and you are never far
from a very big payday.
[IN RUSSIAN]
Okay. Listen up. FBI just reported
they're on the scene. Get a move on.
NIKITA:
We're here.
Please stand back.
Nerd, he's on the run.
Can you get him on the street cams?
Can do.
Get mobile, and I'll help you intercept.
What took you so long?
All you guys do around here is train?
Helps kill time.
It's not so different from being in prison.
Plus, they have a yard.
So at least I see some sun.
They keep out messy terrorists like me
in supermax.
No sunlight there either.
You're not going to be down here forever.
Just until--
The next big American tragedy
bumps me off the nightly news.
On the upside...
...we still have some free time
so you can tell me...
...what that thing means.
If that is your idea of a good time,
then we've gotta get you topside soon.
Come on. It's just a tat.
Sailors get them all the time.
It's a personal thing.
Kind of private.
Really. You've got like a billboard over there.
And you?
You're like a walking conspiracy theory.
How'S that?
Everyone thinks him and Naomi
were working together.
Navy SEAL's in bed with a Gogol Sleeper.
That's almost funny.
No. It's not.
Hey. I was just messing with you.
Not offended. I kind of like
how she was offended for me.
Yeah. Still, I'd--
I'd ease off on the tat thing, you know.
She'll tell you.
When She's ready.
I'm glad we can finally talk.
You said you wanted to be safe. From who?
Amanda.
Oh. Trouble in paradise?
We're not together anymore.
She doesn't know I'm here.
Let me gueSS. You became a wanted man,
and she no longer wanted you.
That's fairly accurate.
Well, boohoo. You shouldn't have got in bed
with her in the first place.
Yes, well that's the trouble with Amanda,
isn't it?
She makes her bed
and then one is forced to lie in it.
A few days ago, I returned from Europe
to learn I was being sought...
...by every major law enforcement agency
on the planet.
ARI:
l was understandably agitated.
What the hell have you done?
Interpol has three separate bulletins
out on me.
It was your asset that blew the mission.
Yes, my asset.
Naomi was never meant to be activated.
ARI: One might say I came home to ﬁnd
another man in my bed.
Who?
We'll get to that.
Just know this.
Like Naomi, he iS an asset that Amanda
has taken and twisted to her own ends.
Interpol? What's this about Interpol?
Relax, Saalim. It'S no problem.
Can we discuss this in private?
Please tell me you're not arming
this amateur psychopath.
Arming and teaching.
You're using him. You're using him
as part of your plot against Division.
What's Division?
I am exposed. These are weapons I acquired.
I can't have any more suspicion fall on me.
He's right.
He's a loose end. If you don't want
to be exposed as well, you'd better kill him.
Timur.
Before you pull that trigger, consider this.
You are not like Saalim.
You're not here for a belief or a cause.
You're here because you are well-paid.
And I have frozen all of Ari's assets.
-What?
AMANDA: If you pull that trigger...
...you'll be pulling it for free.
Ask yourself, iS Ari worth that much?
IS She lying?
[KNIFE SLICING]
ARI:
I barely made it out of there.
And you ran straight for Division?
That's pretty desperate, especially for you.
Yes, well you'll thank me for that,
once I tell you who she's working with.
Amanda's gone too far thiS time.
All right.
Who iS thiS mystery asset?
-Terrorist.
-Okay, terrorist. Who?
The answer to that question depends on
whether or not you'll make a deal.
-Well, how did I know that was coming?
-Nikita, believe me...
...you have no idea know what's coming.
I'll give you a hint.
The ﬁrst attack will seem like
a random act of violence. Small. Isolated.
The target will be innocent,
average Americans.
l have my target.
I'll get the next one.
What is that?
ARI:
You'll know it when you hear about it.
But you won't be able to stop it.
Not without my help.
Uh-huh. And how much iS that gonna cost?
Fifty million. Electronically transferred
to the JSL Partner Bank of Switzerland.
Account number 569-711-008.
-Fifty million.
-Correct.
Dollars? Not Monopoly money.
[LAUGHING]
That's awesome.
Nikita. Got a sec?
This is an unbelievable scene.
If you're just tuning in...
...aS of right now, authorities are unclear
of much of anything.
Was it a disgruntled employee,
a random assailant?
There are reports, all of them unconﬁrmed...
...that a man in a business suit
fled the scene.
Birkhoff, tap us into local first responders,
see what they know.
-On it.
-...American violence, that remains to be--
Pardon me.
I’m just getting word that we are receiving
a claim of responsibility.
A transmission. It is streaming from the web
right into ENN headquarters.
Let's listen in.
[DISTORTED VOICE]
How's it feel?
Everything you love,
ripped away in a second.
When it happens in America,
it's called a national tragedy.
When it happens in our countries,
it's called collateral damage.
Acceptable losses.
A percentage some general signs off on
before drones start flying.
You send your troops, your helicopters,
your drones to kill your enemies.
But you hit innocent people too.
[ON TV]
You say you want peace.
Your so-cal/ed road to peace
is splattered with our blood.
Call us the Crimson Resistance.
We don't know when death will come.
Neither will you.
The people we love were taken from us...
...and we never had a chance
to say goodbye.
Neither will you.
BIRKHOFF: l tapped into ENN's servers.
Got a line on that video stream.
No way to trace it,
but the encryption iS Division's signature.
-How do you know that?
-I wrote the algorithms.
Which means Amanda is
on the other end of that broadcast.
Just like Ari said she would be.
Son of a bitch. He knows who this is
and he's holding out for money?
Wait a second. Look. Ari surrendered...
...and he asked to be brought into Division
and tries to get 50 million?
He'd have to be either crazy or stupid
and the man is neither.
He must have another move.
Maybe he's trying to raise money,
build an army, break out.
He's not gonna get 50 bucks,
much less 50 million.
I wouldn't give him 50 seconds.
Give me an empty room and a pair of pliers...
...l'll use them to take off Ari's fingernails.
One by one. He'll break after his pinky.
He's trained to resist torture.
Ari's a negotiator.
Just give me some more time with him.
We still have a few moves of our own.
Okay. In the meantime...
...Iet's get you two in Pittsburgh and see
if we can get clues from the crime scene.
I thought it would feel different.
How does it feel?
When that stray bullet...
...took my little girl...
...it waS like I'd been torn apart
from the inside out.
I remember holding her.
Screaming so loud I couldn't hear myself.
I felt then I had wanted revenge, but....
This isn't revenge.
You want them to feel what you feel.
It's the only way they'll learn.
They need to scream so loud they can't hear.
Saalim...
...I know where you're coming from.
It's why I'm assisting you.
You're not laughing anymore.
What does Amanda get
out of helping a bunch of terrorists?
Why does Amanda do anything these days?
You.
She's trying to frame Division.
You armed the Crimson Resistance
to create a panic.
Their weapons are the last few I purchased
from Cyrus, your former arms dealer...
...who I assure you the trail will lead
to Division's door...
...unleSS you end it now.
For a price.
What are you gonna do with $50 million?
You can't spend it from a prison cell.
The real question is how much
are those innocent lives worth to you?
-I don't put a price on human life.
-Then 50 million is a bargain.
-Then that would be for your life as well?
-My life?
Yeah. Or whatever you wanna call the rest
of your existence in a 7-by-12—foot box.
Because no matter what,
you are never getting out of here.
The attacker worked hiS way through the lobby.
Security cameras were scrambled.
Division tech?
Courtesy of Amanda.
They didn't ask for this.
Just got caught up in somebody else's war.
Think that was the idea.
It's a good kill.
Simple. Still a little bit dirty.
Just like Division.
-Amanda's teaching them well.
-Just like Amanda taught us.
Me, she just stuck with a needle.
You still don't remember any of it?
Part of me'S not sure I really want to.
Only thing I do remember iS
Amanda said I used to be a soldier.
My name was Sam.
And I killed all my friends.
Owen, don't let her define you.
Don't let anyone.
-...and she taught them. Birkhoff.
-How'S that help us?
Ari said Amanda gave the terrorists
equipment.
-Maybe she gave them ghost phones.
-Yeah. 80?
You said the video streaming used our
encryption Signature. Don't the phones?
-YeS. We can't trace them. That's the point.
ALEX: Just go with me.
Can we find any evidence of the encryption
on the cell towers around here?
Okay. The call logging in the towers
at the time of the attack...
...does show evidence of the encryption,
but again....
We can't trace it. If they were to use the phones
and talk before the next attack...
...we might trace where they'll hit next.
If we jacked into every cellular
network nationwide.
Are you telling me that ShadowBot
is not up to the task?
Bite your tongue, princess.
We do agree on one thing.
What's that?
You are a spy, not a terrorist.
I like to get things done
without firing a shot.
I had a chance to kill you once.
In '06.
At a basketball game. But you brought your son,
or have you forgotten?
I lied to Division.
I told them that my rifle jammed.
You owe me.
l spared your life. I took care of you.
You Simply behaved exactly the way
Amanda thought you would.
She called me.
She told me to bring my son to the game.
She knew you'd figure out a way
to not murder me in front of him.
Killer with a conscience.
She told you to use your son as a prop.
Was there no place she would draw the line?
We both used the relationship
to our mutual benefit.
She's been playing you from the jump, Ari.
Every one of your plans has been derailed
by her obsession with hurting me.
-Lately, yes.
-Then what are you waiting for?
She ruined you.
Let's bury her.
All you have to do is give me the name
and we can end this now.
Amanda is all the reason you need.
Oh, I can think of 50 million more.
He's not budging.
How did Alex and Owen make out?
-Nothing concrete.
-Just a plan to isolate the terrorist's phones...
...which is a long shot.
Our other option is to pay the son of a bitch.
Let's say we did.
-We ran that.
-Well, run it for me.
The account Ari mentioned is on a secure VPN.
You put money in...
...it gets walled off, only accessible
through a dedicated satellite uplink.
We drop in the money and track it.
Birkhoff can find it through satellite.
-We'll know where it's going and what it's for.
-Too risky.
It's the Federal Government. It's 50 mil.
A drop in the bucket.
It would be if we were actually funded
by the government.
What are you talking about?
Oversight used to tear off little black budget
earmarks for Division.
Feed the dog under the table. Not anymore.
President doesn't want taxpayer money
flowing into this place.
How do we have an operating budget?
We received some seed money...
...which I grew into a sizable pile of cash
with Birkhoff's help.
Nothing illegal.
The point is, our operating budget
is currently 53.6 million.
We pay Ari, we're running on fumes.
So unless you wanna start taking
mercenary jobs for profit...
...paying up means shutting down.
MAN 1: There. Right there.
MAN 2: Yeah, these are free.
DRIVER:
l have a target.
WOMAN:
Yeah, I'd like some.
MAN 2: Here you go. Here's your sack.
WOMAN: Thank you.
People are in Shock.
If you're just joining us,
the Crimson Resistance...
...has struck in the small town
of Romeo, Michigan.
No one is safe. Authorities still have no....
--to strike terror in the hearts of all Americans.
And I'm hearing ﬁve dead.
Gunned down at a roadside stand.
Where will they strike next?
And I've just been informed
we ’re getting another message...
...a transmission that's coming in
to the ENN headquarters. Let's listen in.
SAALIM: From your biggest cities
to your smallest farms...
...no one iS safe.
Many of you will now want to stay at home
with your families.
Behind closed doors.
It won't make a difference.
The next attack will be in a normal suburb,
in a normal house.
Maybe yours.
My God, they're all random targets.
How many more of these are coming?
This is the last one.
SAALIM: Like the innocents
who have died in your wars...
...the acceptable losses...
you won ’t be able to predict it.
And soon, very soon I hope...
your fear will turn to anger...
...and that anger
will awaken you to the truth.
The only way to stop the violence...
...is for you to end it ﬁrst.
[G RU NTS]
Tell me the terrorist's name!
All you gotta do is give me a name.
All you have to do is pay.
Fifty million dollars. Countless lives saved.
It's a simple transaction.
You are not gonna see a dime.
There is no way you win.
Don't worry about me, worry about Amanda.
If she wins, Division dies unless you pay.
Clock's ticking.
Okay. I just flagged our encryption
on a cell tower in Columbus, Ohio.
The terrorists are talking to each other.
It's in this neighborhood.
Mikey?
It's too soon for another attack.
The hits have all been in 24 hour intervals.
Maybe it's an early call. They're prepping.
It is in the suburbs
like our whackjob predicted.
Do we have surveillance on sub-level 12?
No cameras in the dungeon. No one ever
wanted to see what went on down there.
Look, Nikki's trying to do the same thing
we all are to prevent the next attack.
Just focus on that.
All right.
If you gotta find a needle
that will shrink the haystack...
...we can get our teams out there quick.
You're worried about Nikita?
I'm worried she's going to kill him,
and then we'll have no leads.
Go. I'll cover for you here,
help coordinate the teams.
All right.
I can do this all day.
Forever.
Is that what you think that ring means?
You getting delusional now, are you?
You're tougher than that.
Your sad attempt
to build a life with Michael....
That's how Amanda and I started
so many years ago. Now look at us.
There's no forever in this business.
You know, someone once told me...
...to beat a monster
you have to get down on their level.
Fight fire with fire.
Let's get started.
Nikita.
You're gonna tell me to stop now, Michael?
You afraid this will end up like Sierra Leone?
-Yes.
-But that was worth it.
-We broke our target that time, didn't we.
-But at what price?
Nikita.
All right, come on.
[COUGHING]
Thank you, Michael, ha, ha...
...for lending me a hand.
You've heard of an eye for an eye.
How about a hand for a hand?
Nikita, that's enough, that's enough.
Come on.
Ari, you better give me that name now.
Because I am not going to be able
to hold her off much longer.
The couple that tortures together
stays together? Is that it, Michael?
What was the code word?
Sierra Leone?
I've done too many versions
of Good Cop, Bad Cop, children.
[GROANING]
So how do you know which one I am?
When's the wedding, Michael?
Have you even set a date?
If your relationship meant anything
to either of you...
...you wouldn't be here.
Ops, we're on scene.
SEAN [OVER COMM]:
The other three teams are in their sectors.
Head east toward Tivoli Court.
Assuming they're going to try to escape
like in the past...
-...that street has the best interstate egress.
ALEX: Copy. We're on the move.
OWEN: First Nikita, now you.
ALEX: What's that?
I ride off with the cowgirl,
while the boyfriend stays back at the ranch.
Owen Elliot. Designation. Third Wheel.
Right.
Thanks, by the way...
...for what you said back at the elevators.
Emily used to say stuff like that all the time.
That I could change.
That's why I got my butterfly.
-She said it was proof that....
-People can have a second life.
Yeah.
Someone I knew used to say the same thing.
Is that why you got your ink?
ALEX:
She was a girl.
In the pla--
The brothel. That's where they put me
when | first came here.
We shared a room.
She said she would dream some nights
about escaping by climbing to the roof...
...and flying away on butterfly wings.
One night she got high...
...she made it up there...
...to the roof and...
...she decided to try and fly.
You know,
she's just like those people in the elevator.
Innocent
I'm sorry.
Guys, listen up. I think I just caught a whiff
of our encryption on a local cell network.
[OVER COMM]
You Should be right on top of it.
Ops, we may have something.
I'm gonna get out. Keep driving past.
The target is in sight.
-Where are they?
WOMAN: They are inside. I go now.
Drop your weapon.
Something's wrong.
Where is he?
Where is the man who gives you orders?
The attacks will keep coming
if we don't break him.
He should have broken by now.
-Maybe he's greedier than we thought.
-He's not gonna take this abuse.
Doesn't matter how much money
he thinks he's gonna make.
What is he holding out for?
What would you hold out for?
You.
-Seriously.
-I am serious.
The only reason to hold out
is for someone you love.
Say he loved Amanda is a stretch.
And she left him anyway...
...so who does he have that....
What?
It's for Stefan. That's who the money's for.
You're holding out for your son.
I'm trying to give my son a life.
A real life, away from all of this.
Fifty million.
That's quite a golden ticket.
The money is for a trust,
and for his caretaker.
An elite operative who will protect him
from the likes of you or Amanda.
You should have told us.
We would have protected him.
So you could use him against me?
Or use us both as a lure to catch Amanda?
I wouldn't have done that.
You're my sworn enemy, Nikita.
Forgive me if I didn't give you
the benefit of the doubt.
Right, so instead you traded on innocent lives,
like your son's--
He didn't ask for any of this.
He certainly didn't choose his birthright.
You didn't have a plan to get out of here,
did you?
You ask me what I call my future existence
in a 7-by-12-foot box?
I call it my fate. And I accept it.
All right. Then accept this.
We are not funded
by the government anymore.
I don't have that kind of money.
And if your caretaker is not paid,
the only thing standing between your son...
...and Amanda's retribution is me.
[CHUCKLES]
The terrorist's name...
...is Saalim Nassar.
A Yemeni-born American citizen...
...he was visiting his home country
when a stray bullet...
...from an American raid
struck and killed his only daughter.
I don't have his location,
but I have his personal phone number.
Division should be able to trace it.
You said they wouldn't find us
and I hear one of my people killed on the line!
-Something's happened.
-You heard them.
Who could they have been?
One of your people made a mistake.
We didn't do anything different.
This is your fault.
The equipment is sound.
Then someone's helping them.
It can't be on my side.
I don't pick the target until the last minute.
Someone on your side is helping them.
Am I wrong?
Saalim, there are no sides here.
My cause is your cause.
And the world knows exactly who
the Crimson Resistance is.
It's not enough.
There needs to be at least three.
You're right.
We'll broadcast sooner before
the next attack.
Keep them terrified, off balance,
the way they should be.
We got him. Birkhoff tracked his phone.
In an apartment on the Upper West Side.
Grab team?
-Good.
BIRKHOFF: Not good.
What is it?
News outlets are receiving
another live broadcast.
SAALIM: Some people say we Should stop.
We will not.
-Birkhoff, now that we know where he is--
-I know. I know. Tapping the local Wi-Fi.
As I speak, another attack is being prepared.
When I am finished,
I will signal them to continue.
-Owen and Alex won't make it.
-Can we shut him off?
I got a better idea. Birkhoff.
Let's hack into this guy's software.
Copy that. Time for Toto
to pull the curtain back on the wizard.
SAALIM: Only then will your voice
be the one your leaders hear.
We will not stop until this
policy is changed...
...until we put an end to random,
indiscriminate murder.
[GUNSHOT]
Michael.
This is the frame-up Ari was talking about.
Hello. Is this the counter-terrorism section?
l have a very important tip for you.
AGENT 1:
Clear.
AGENT 2: All clear.
-Ops, we're clear.
BIRKHOFF: You'd better get cracking.
FBI's on the way.
Are you sure this is gonna erase
every trace of Division off this computer?
Super clean, baby. Just like you like it.
I'll clean the rest.
Nikki. Nikki.
We've got an encrypted phone call. It's her.
We got it upstairs.
Yeah.
Word on the street is Ari Tasarov's
been picked up by Federal Agents.
Don't believe everything you hear.
I know he's there
and I know he's helping you.
NIKITA: Is that why you called,
to conﬁrm a rumor?
| just have one question. Why the delay?
You couldn't get Saalim's name out of him?
I didn't need to. You did that.
I'm a hero. Just like you.
Oh, Amanda. You are gonna pay
for the lives you took.
AMANDA:
You had a chance to kill me before...
-...but for some reason you didn't.
NIKITA: That was a mistake.
I guess I have a target on my back now...
[OVER PHONE]
...just like Stefan.
Nikita, are you still there?
You leave that boy out of this.
Ari betrayed me.
The boy is fair game.
Something has to be done.
It Will.
You're gonna sit down and give us
all the details of Amanda's operation.
Names, dates, everything.
And if this protector of yours
is as good as you say he is...
...then Stefan will be fine
until the current deposit runs out.
Shortly after Amanda's betrayal...
...I found myself alone, riding the subways.
I ran through every possible scenario...
...and I realized I was in a place
I had never been.
l was out of moves.
I've been there.
It tends to change your priorities.
Yes, well, it suddenly became
very clear to me...
...the only thing worth fighting for
was my son.
Which is why I did what I had to do,
and no...
...I don't expect you to understand.
But I do.
N I KITA:
I’m here to protect the innocent.
The difference is I'm not gonna lose myself
in the process because if] do...
And I am not gonna let that happen.
All traces of Division gone?
FBI thinks Saalim was killed by
one of his comrades, so...
...we are safely back in the shadows.
You all right?
They were together for 20 years.
It was all a charade.
But it was Amanda. How could it not be?
There's no forever in this business.
That's what he told me.
Here's what I have to say to that.
Varca Beach.
-Goa?
-South side.
There's a little hut on the water
right about here.
A few paces away from that...
...it's a perfect place for a ceremony.
Does Birkhoff know you're using his satellite
to plan our wedding?
-|'|| let him pick the caterer.
-Oh, no, you won't.
Let's set a date and stick to it.
Done and done.
[English - US - SDH]